Add RFC process (#8)
partiql/partiql-docs: RFCs/0000-rfc-process.md

### Summary

This RFC (request for comment) outlines the process that PartiQL maintainers and contributors should follow in order to introduce new changes to the language.

This RFC process is inspired by [Rust RFCs.](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs)

### Motivation
The motivation is to provide governance to changes that require to be made to PartiQL so that the changes to PartiQL can be reviewed in a more consistent and controlled manner.

> *Change to PartiQL* is any change to PartiQL Specification, any of its implementations, this RFC, or changes affecting long term decision-making for maintaining and evolving PartiQL open source project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Change to PartiQL* is any change to the PartiQL Specification, any of its implementations, this RFC, or changes affecting long term decision-making for maintaining and evolving the PartiQL open source project.
```

# Guide-level explanation

> The changes that require RFC are but not limited to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes that require RFC are, but not limited to, the following:
```

Author: I think we can neglect the commas here.

> * Any semantic or syntactic changes to the language that is not a bugfix—e.g. addition of temporal table semantics.
> * Any changes to the public APIs—e.g. addition of new planner API.
> * Any backward incompatible changes—e.g. deprecating `ExprNode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any semantic or syntactic changes to the language that are not bug fixes—e.g. addition of temporal table semantics.
* Any changes to the public APIs—e.g. addition of new planner API.
* Any backward incompatible changes—e.g. deprecating `ExprNode`.
```

The changes that don’t require RFC are but not limited to the following:

* Rephrasing, rewording the existing specification where the change does not affect the semantic—e.g. making ORDER BY section more clear.
* Bug fixes.
* Implementing feature that are already exist in PartiQL specification—e.g. implementing ORDER BY.
* Performance improvements—e.g. improve the PartiQL’s CLI performance.

> * Changes to back-end that does not break consumers.

Author: I think there are redundant commas in the first line, I'll incorporate your other suggestions here.

## The Process

> Before submitting the RFC, try to discuss your idea using a pre-RFC document with PartiQL maintainers and community via [PartiQL Forum](https://community.partiql.org/faq)or [GitHub](https://github.com/partiql/).  This helps to solicit an early feedback and getting a sense of how the proposed change is going to be seen by PartiQL maintainers and community.

Author: Not the fan of double spaces :) will revise the other changes as per your suggestion.

1. Fork this repository at https://github.com/partiql/partiql-doc

> 2. Copy `templates/0000-template.rst` to `RFCs/0000-RFC-NAME.rst`; do not assign a number yet.

Author: Yes, I agree with you. This is a miss from my side; should be `md`.

3. Complete the RFC text using the template.
4. Create a pull request to this repository.
5. Add the pull request number to the RFC filename and pull request address to the placeholder in the template.
6. Submit a new commit.
7. The request enters the review process using the pull request.
8. PR get closed upon the outcome of review is reached.

### Approved proposals

> After the proposal is approved by a member of PartiQL committee:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the proposal is approved by a member of the PartiQL committee:
```

> 1. The PR gets merged with the pull request number as its Id.

Reviewer: nit, I don't think `Id` needs capitalization

Author: It's a name, so no?

Reviewer: I see. ID or `Id` is fine. No issue
